Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to enable DLSS 4.5 the new
Nvidia uh GPU. I want to test the word
hard X 3060.
Okay, first thing first go here to
Google. We have to search for Nvidia
drivers and download the latest driver
from the Nvidia website.
Okay. Search for driver
product GeForce.
Okay. RT 30 series.
Okay. And there was 121.
Okay. 36.
Okay. Now to use this uh DLSS 4.5
we must download this driver
force game ready driver not test the
driver. Okay the latest version is 5
91.74
in Monday
January 5 2026. Okay, let's do it at
home
and download it.
Okay, fine. Downloading is finished.
Let's open the folder.
Okay, double click here to install the
MTHP driver.
Okay. Uh, choose this one. Nvidia
graphic driver and NV apps.
Just custom advance and perform clean
establish. Select this one and press
next. The installation please uh begin
Okay, after restarting uh the
installation is finished. Okay, desktop
shortcut for video.
Close.
Hit next. Next.
Okay,
skip this.
Okay, now let's enable the latest
version of the DLSS, DLSS 4.5. Okay,
let's go here to graphics and let's show
here global settings and go down here
use 3D application setting use that test
hit apply or you can go right here and
use that test from here and
the K model find one.
Okay, this is the first one.
Second one.
Third one.
Okay. I put the resolution.
Let's see this one. Put the resolution.
Okay. This one quality. Hit. Okay.
Okay. I think it's uh fine. This is how
to enable the DSS
4.5 in uh GPU.